README.md, before:

# Fuel Log Application (Full-stack)

### Purpose of this Application
The purpose of this application is to log and digitize fuel usage for a company entity that has a fleet of vehicles.


### Features
* Graphing and tablular reports
* Multi-vehicle tracking
* Trip and fuel usage monitoring
* Individual employee monthly usage report
* Simple and intuitive UI

### Target Audience
This application is targetted towards companies that are in need of tracking fleets of vehicles with access to fuel usage and distance data. The application uses the recorded data to generate useful reports for the company in an easy-to-understand way, allowing for the company to potentially have the ability to budget and plan for fuel expenses.

### Tech Stack
##### Application and Data
* MongoDB
* ExpressJS
* React
* NodeJS
* JavaScript
* CSS
* HTML
* AWS S3

##### Documentation
* Microsoft powerpoint
* Canva.com
* Jira
* Draw.io

### Dataflow Diagram

[Dataflow Diagram](./docs/data%20flow%20diagram/dataflow%20diagram.png)
![dataflow-diagram](./docs/data%20flow%20diagram/dataflow%20diagram.png)

### Application Architecture Diagram

[Architecture Diagram](./docs/Fuel%20App%20Wireframes/Architecture%20Diagram.png)
![architecture-diagram](./docs/Fuel%20App%20Wireframes/Architecture%20Diagram.png)

### User Stories

##### User story 1
As an employer of a large trucking company, I want to be able to add/modify vehicles by using registration plates so that I can easily track different vehicles in my company

##### User story 2
As a employer of a trucking company, I want to be able to add/modify vehicles based on a specialized tagging ID system since we need this for asset management

##### User story 3
As an employee of a small electrical business, I want to be able to monitor the fuel usage of a vehicle over a time period so that I can better optimize my driving usage.

##### User story 4
As an employer, I want my employees to be able to record their trips so that it can be viewed later for analysis purposes.

##### User story 5
As an employee, I want a user friendly UI with minimual input so that I can record a log as efficiently as possible.

### Wireframes

[Mobile Wireframe](./docs/Fuel%20App%20Wireframes/Mobile.png)
![mobile-wire-frame](./docs/Fuel%20App%20Wireframes/Mobile.png)

[Tablet Wireframe](./docs/Fuel%20App%20Wireframes/Tablet.png)
![tablet-wire-frame](./docs/Fuel%20App%20Wireframes/Tablet.png)

[Desktop Wireframe](./docs/Fuel%20App%20Wireframes/Desktop.png)
![desktop-wire-frame](./docs/Fuel%20App%20Wireframes/Desktop.png)

### Jira Kanban Screenshots

Commit message:

added on to purpose in readme

README.md, after:

# Fuel Log Application (Full-stack)

### Purpose of this Application

Fuel usage is one of the largest expenses for a company that operates and maintains a fleet of vehicles for business usage. To help keep track of the fuel usages that a company uses, an fast and easy to use application that is centered around logging instances of fuel refillments of a vehicle can give assistance to determining how much fuel different company assets require.    
   
The benefits of a fuel log application, apart from keeping track of fuel usage, are that as it records the distance travelled between fuel logs which can give other valuable information about maintainence issues for a vehicle (e.g how far a vehicle has travelled since its last maintaince, or how far the tyres have travelled since being installed etc) helps to educate the importance of better driving habits and could predicate the fuel usage in upcoming months based on the history of fuel usage from prior records.   
   
Overall the fuel usage data from vehicle assets can provide useful analytical trends for a company so that it can better manage fuel costs over the running service periods of company assets.

### Features
* Graphing and tablular reports
* Multi-vehicle tracking
* Trip and fuel usage monitoring
* Individual employee monthly usage report
* Simple and intuitive UI

### Target Audience
This application is targetted towards companies that are in need of tracking fleets of vehicles with access to fuel usage and distance data. The application uses the recorded data to generate useful reports for the company in an easy-to-understand way, allowing for the company to potentially have the ability to budget and plan for fuel expenses.

### Tech Stack
##### Application and Data
* MongoDB
* ExpressJS
* React
* NodeJS
* JavaScript
* CSS
* HTML
* AWS S3

##### Documentation
* Microsoft powerpoint
* Canva.com
* Jira
* Draw.io

### Dataflow Diagram

[Dataflow Diagram](./docs/data%20flow%20diagram/dataflow%20diagram.png)
![dataflow-diagram](./docs/data%20flow%20diagram/dataflow%20diagram.png)

### Application Architecture Diagram

[Architecture Diagram](./docs/Fuel%20App%20Wireframes/Architecture%20Diagram.png)
![architecture-diagram](./docs/Fuel%20App%20Wireframes/Architecture%20Diagram.png)

### User Stories

##### User story 1
As an employer of a large trucking company, I want to be able to add/modify vehicles by using registration plates so that I can easily track different vehicles in my company

##### User story 2
As a employer of a trucking company, I want to be able to add/modify vehicles based on a specialized tagging ID system since we need this for asset management

##### User story 3
As an employee of a small electrical business, I want to be able to monitor the fuel usage of a vehicle over a time period so that I can better optimize my driving usage.

##### User story 4
As an employer, I want my employees to be able to record their trips so that it can be viewed later for analysis purposes.

##### User story 5
As an employee, I want a user friendly UI with minimual input so that I can record a log as efficiently as possible.

### Wireframes

[Mobile Wireframe](./docs/Fuel%20App%20Wireframes/Mobile.png)
![mobile-wire-frame](./docs/Fuel%20App%20Wireframes/Mobile.png)

[Tablet Wireframe](./docs/Fuel%20App%20Wireframes/Tablet.png)
![tablet-wire-frame](./docs/Fuel%20App%20Wireframes/Tablet.png)

[Desktop Wireframe](./docs/Fuel%20App%20Wireframes/Desktop.png)
![desktop-wire-frame](./docs/Fuel%20App%20Wireframes/Desktop.png)

### Jira Kanban Screenshots
